docs: v1.1.0 (#419)
umijs/dumi: docs/guide/advanced.md

## Use with Umi UI

The usage process is shown in the figure below:

<p style="text-align: center;">
  <img src="https://gw.alipayobjects.com/zos/bmw-prod/b6bc8d0a-c83e-4cd7-91fb-2464e8974a8a/kijxaoib_w2078_h1757.png" width="800" >
</p>

### 1. Initialize the dumi component development project

```bash
$ mkdir dumi-lib && cd dumi-lib
$ npx @umijs/create-dumi-lib
```

### 2. Add asset meta information for demo

Take the demo of the initial project as an example, open `src/Foo/index.md` and add the following frontmatter configuration:

<pre lang="diff">
// src/Foo/index.md

```jsx
+ /**
+  * title: Foo demo
+  * thumbnail: [URL address of thumbnail]
+  * previewUrl: [URL address of preview]
+  */
import React from 'react';
import { Foo } from 'dumi-lib';

export default () => <Foo title="First Demo" />;
```
</pre>

In addition to writing frontmatter in the source code, adding attributes to the `code` tag of the external demo can also add meta-information:

```html
<code src="/path/to/demo.tsx" title="demo name" thumbnail="URL address of thumbnail" previewUrl="URL address of preview" />
```

### 3. Enable metadata generation capabilities

> Add an npm script to `package.json` and declare the `dumiAssets` field. Umi UI will find asset metadata files based on this field:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a npm script to `package.json` and declare the `dumiAssets` field. Umi UI will find asset metadata files according to this field:
```

```diff
{
  "scripts": {
+   "postversion": "dumi assets"
  },
+ "dumiAssets": "assets.json"
}
```

Since `assets.json` does not need to participate in version control, please add `assets.json` to `gitignore`.

### 4. Build and generate asset metadata

> If it's just for testing, you can use `npm version` instead of `npm publish`, and then use link for local play:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it's just for testing, you can use `npm version` instead of `npm publish`, and then use link for local playing:
```

```bash
$ npm run build
$ npm version patch -m "build: bump version to %s"
```

> ### 5. Used during Umi UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 5. Used in Umi UI
```

Initialize the Umi application, install Umi UI and link the component library we just made:

```bash
$ mkdir umi-app && cd umi-app
$ npx @umijs/create-dumi-app
$ npm i @umijs/preset-ui -D
$ npm link path/to/dumi/lib
```

In the `package.json` of the Umi application, manually add the component library as a dependency:

```diff
{
  "dependencies": {
    // Other dependencies
+   "your-lib-package-name": "*"
  }
}
```

Then start the Umi project as usual, you can see the demo assets in the dumi-lib project in the mini bubble of Umi UI, and can be directly inserted into the page for use:

<p style="text-align: center;">
  <img src="https://gw.alipayobjects.com/zos/bmw-prod/4102a494-e4d8-494e-a790-1a7a5562da51/kc6gnqjd_w680_h387.gif" width="680">
</p>

## Mobile component development

> The usage is very simple. After initializing the dumi project, install `dumi-theme-mobile` into `devDependencies`, and dumi will switch from the default PC component library development to mobile component development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The usage is very simple. After initializing the dumi project, install `dumi-theme-mobile` into `devDependencies`, and dumi will switch from the default PC component library development to mobile component library development.
```

Visit [Theme List - mobile](/theme#dumi-theme-mobile) to learn more about the features and HD solutions of mobile themes.

## Automatic component API generation

Now, we can realize the automatic generation of component API through JS Doc annotation + TypeScript type definition!

### Types and annotations in component source code

The premise of automatic component API generation is to ensure that dumi can deduce the content of the API through TypeScript type definition + annotations, such as the source code of the `Hello` component:

```tsx | pure
import React from 'react';

export interface IHelloProps {
  /**
   * You can write the attribute description like this
   * @description        You can also explicitly add a description name
   * @description.zh-CN  Also supports different locale suffixes to achieve multi-language description
   * @default            Support for defining default values
   */
  className?: string; // Support for identifying TypeScript optional types as optional attributes
}

const Hello: React.FC<IHelloProps> = () => <>Hello World!</>;

export default Hello;
```

> The type analysis tool behind dumi is `react-docgen-typescript`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The type analysis tool dumi based is `react-docgen-typescript`.
```

For more types and annotation usage, please refer to [documentation](https://github.com/styleguidist/react-docgen-typescript#example).

### Show the API in the documentation

With the source code that can derive the API, we can render the API table through the built-in components of `API` in Markdown:

```md

> <!-- Not passing src will automatically detect the current component, such as src/Hello/index.md will recognize src/Hello/index.tsx -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- It will automatically detect the current component without src. For example, src/Hello/index.md will detect src/Hello/index.tsx -->
```

<API></API>

<!-- Passing src will explicitly specify the API of which component to render -->

<API src="/path/to/your/component.tsx"></API>

<!-- Passing exports will explicitly indicate which exports to render, please make sure the value is a valid JSON string -->

<API exports='["default", "Other"]'></API>
```

The effect is roughly as follows:

<API src="../.demos/Hello/index.tsx"></API>

### Custom API table rendering

> Like other built-in components, the `API` component also supports replication through the theme API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like other built-in components, the `API` component also supports override through the theme API.
```
